carlos is important to play the 90 minutes in the first team Lima alliance
and do it walking
and to justice
assumption 6
much more earn
seven boxes
or to be an alliance in the first team
if little by little working
I feel that this year
you are known
the engine that plays as central
the work team but nonetheless you surprised yourself by playing
as a steering wheel
spoke clearly is located in the same place
- nd ateneo
menoyo placed third position of 6 and
only messi does not matter today
it was a matter of six that nonrenewable support that you started war
clear lips
15 6 from binner
no no no
the firm desire
you will always kill by alliances and gave two tickets
at Christmas besides
they played a joke in bad taste the Argentine was pointed out
a couple of classmates and
they took the world
from the position of Cuba
carmona
toyota or bmw
last year he charged the criminal and michu min
arrived at the high east peak next to santa inés
red operate
the national team
his twin sister
what else does it have to show floats thing to the lima alliance fan
I was much more aggressive with that I'm going to leave everything all ready
he has also done
foto steve jobs
- The noob
you feel that com
what is clear is heard
rumors and minimize visitors
quiet more the worker family
your legal status
that what he expects that we have come out of what he expects from his colleagues
the father said Landeta motivates his tremendous faith to do
He also beat me hurriedly
m mutual trust
people know your technique candidate has shown
the laughingstock of the liberators cup
the district to be this Saturday before the sporting crystal
it is even more so
we are in a bad mood
January 17
I try to be possible in revolution
the Serbian did not enter
welcome be